Top 10 Tourist Destinations in India
               
              Hey Tourist, today we are here to discover some Attractive Top 10 Tourist Destinations in India. India Is the Second Largest Populated Country in World. India is famous for its Culture, Heritage and the large number of tourist destination in india. 
              Today, we are going to discover some famous tourist places in india state wise. So, Tourist please have patience and follow my guidance, we are going to discover Top 10 Tourist Destinations in India state wise. I hope, it will be memorable journey for you with us.

10) Rann of Kutch (Kutch-Gujarat): -
 
                       The Great Rann of Kutch is located in the Thar Desert. It is a salt marsh in the Kutch District of Gujarat, India. Every tourist who is visiting Gujarat, must be visit “Rann of Kutch”. There is a famous statement form Gujarat Tourism -“ Rann of Kutch nai Dekha ,to kuch nai dekha. – If you not visited kutch, it is meaningless to travel in Gujarat ”. 
                        Rann of Kutch is famous for Kite Festival(Patang Utsav). The Rann of Kutch is also famous for its white salty desert sand and is reputed to be the largest salt desert in the world. Rann of Kutch has many heritage villages ,temples which are the center of attraction for every tourist.
9) Kashi Vishwanath Temple (Varanasi-Uttar Pradesh):-
 
                               Kashi Vishwanath Temple is located in Varanasi ,Uttar- Pradesh, India. Kashi Vishwanath Temple is one of the famous Hindu Temple dedicated to Lord Shiva. It is the one of twelve Jyotirlingas, of the God Shiva Temples. Kashi Vishwanath temple is stands on the western bank of the holy river Ganga.   
                          Ganga river is known as the holy river in India. The Devotee’s are more and more attract, to this temple due to the Religious and Devotional atmosphere.

8)Kanha National Park(Madhya Pradesh):-
 
                            Kanha National Park is also Known as Kanha Tiger Reserve. Kanha National Park is famous for Royal Bengal Tigers. The Park has a significant population of Indian Leopards, Sloth Bears, Barasinghas and Indian wild Dogs etc. Kanha National Park is the largest national park in Central India. The Tourist , who loved to discover the Wild life and Nature,then  Kanha National Park is the Correct Destination for you.

7)Lotus Temple(Delhi-Haryana)
 
                                The Lotus Temple (Kamal Mandir) is located in Delhi, India. The Lotus Temple is also known as Bahai House of Worship. The Lotus Temple is a matchless architectural marvel and it is the prime tourist attractions of the National Capital(Delhi).
                                 The Temple is look like a Lotus with white petals, it has a break-taking sight and attracts numbers of visitors throughout the year. The Entry in the Lotus temple is free for, the visitors. 
6) Marina Beach(Chennai-Tamil Nadu):-
 
                                 Marina Beach is a natural urban beach in Chennai, Tamil-nadu. The Distance cover by a Marina Beach is 6.0 km, which making it the longest natural urban beach in the country. Tourist love to visit Marina Beach.
                                 Marina Beach is primarily sandy, unlike the short, rocky formation. Bathing and swimming at the Marina Beach are legally prohibited because, of the dangers, as the undercurrent is very turbulent.

5)Hawa Mahal(Jaipur- Rajasthan):-
 
                                    Hawa Mahal is a palace in Jaipur, India. Hawa Mahal is also Known as “Palace of Winds”. Hawa Mahal is made with the red and pink sandstone. The Palace of winds or the Hawa Mahal , is one of the most attractive landmarks of Jaipur.
                                    Hawa Mahal is built by Maharaja Sawai Pratap Singh, it was built for the royal ladies to stay, have some fun and festivals. Hawa Mahal is one of the center of attraction , for the Tourist who are visiting the Pink City - Jaipur.

4)Thiruvananthapuram (Kerala):-
 
                                    Thiruvananthapuram or Trivandrum is Known as a Economic Capital Of Kerala. Trivandrum is the Capital City of “God’s Own Country”. It is located at the south-western edge of Kerala.
                                     Trivandrum is the largest city in the state has many tourist spots,exotic beaches and much more. Trivandrum is famous in the list of Tourism places, and provide a Real view of Nature to Tourist.



3)Tirupati Balaji(Chittoor - Andhra Pradesh):-
 
                                     Tirupati Balaji is Situated in the Chittoor District of Andhra Pradesh. Tirupati Balaji is known for Lord Venkateshwara Temple. Tirupati is one of the oldest cities of India and it is mention in plenty of ancient Vedas and Puranas.
                                     A Visit to this temple is the highlight of any Religious Feeling. The mad rush, inside the temple make the Powerful Chanting of ‘Om Namo Venkatesaya’. Tirupati Balaji is the center of Religious Memory for Tourist.

2)Lalbagh Botanical Garden (Bangalore- Karnataka):-
 
                                     Lalbagh Botanical Garden is one of the major tourist attractions in india. Lalbagh Botanical Garden is located in Southern Bengaluru. Lalbagh Botanical Garden is very famous, Botanical Garden. The Tourist, who loves Botany, Plants, nature they must visit this Botanical Garden. 
                                      Lalbagh has a famous Glass House that is to host flower show twice a year(26th jan and 15th August).The Garden has 100years old trees and has a lake for few species of Birds. The Lalbagh garden in Bangalore is very popular for its glasshouse and the foundation stone of the glasshouse is modeled after London’s Crystal Place. 

1)Hussain Sagar Lake (Hyderabad -Telangana)
 

                                       Hussain Sagar Lake is located in the Hyderabad, Telangana. The most Beautiful Landmark of Hyderabad is Hussain Sagar Lake. Hussain Sagar lake is the largest artificial lake in Asia and it is a heritage site of India.
                                       The Beauty of Hussain Sagar lake is unmatched. The Hussain Sagar Lake has a 16ft high statue of Buddha, which is located in the center of the lake, on the Rock of Gibraltar. In 1992 , The Statue of Buddha was established in the lake and after then , it become a major attraction. The Statue has been carved out of Granite and has a many number of light around it. The Tourist must visit , to Hussain Sagar Lake .
                                       I Hope Tourist you get the ideas , of  Top 10 Tourist Destinations in India. I Hope you like , the post Top 10 Tourist Destinations in India. And, I wish you all visit this Attractive Tourist Destinations in the upcoming Future. Thanks a lot ! Keep Traveling and Stay Free From Stress.                                     
                                    
most visited place in india 2019 | famous tourist places in india state wise |most beautiful indian state | dream places to visit in india | development of tourism in india

